# Meeting Transcription

  Meeting started: 8/13/2026, 2:11:53 AM
  Duration: 50 minutes
  Participants: JUMP Admin, Kenzo Stevens

  [View original transcript](https://app.tactiq.io/api/2/u/m/r/8plw0oUWNlbEQAZFnMug?o=txt)

    

  

  
    ## Highlights

    > 22:06 JUMP Admin: You know, it's like you could go the if if I was on the phone, I'd probably be like, oh, we're trying to expand our portfolio with simpler websites for small companies, and once we get a larger portfolio of sites, we can. Uh, advertised towards bigger ticket, you know, companies?
> 24:55 Kenzo Stevens: Okay, well, I'll take note of that so that. Once I start doing the calls. I'll respond like that.
> 28:46 Kenzo Stevens: I guess the only issue is that there's really no call recordings for teleblast,
> 30:58 JUMP Admin: But. And then on a non-scripted note. A big thing I notice is just like the inflection, or like the way you say things is really important. Um, because I found when I slow it down and sound a lot more casual, where I'm
> 40:25 JUMP Admin: So, uh, but with that being said? Um. You want to maybe get on to some calling for, uh? I think, let's see, what time did you come into the meeting 11? So, maybe two, three hours of calling and see, see where that goes? Um. Let's see today's the 12. So, I'm gonna be driving tomorrow. Um. We can do. Uh, how are you feeling about meetings? Do you like the the daily meetings, or do you want to move into maybe a couple times a week?
> 41:45 JUMP Admin: can put that all into one or two meetings. Um. All right. So here's what I'll leave you with. Let's get some calls done today and tomorrow. Um, and then let's go through the the leads that you have currently scraped, and
> 42:00 JUMP Admin: when we exhaust those leads, maybe let's experiment with Washington first. Um, so they're not quite as local leads. Um, let's continue with dog rumors. From this list, and then in Washington. And that'll probably buy us into next week, and we can either choose to move down into Oregon for dog groomers. Or, we could switch Industries.
> 43:44 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, usually they have like a really high ticket, um.
> 44:38 Kenzo Stevens: The the only issue with those, um, the only issue with those niches, is that
> 45:13 JUMP Admin: Niche stuff, you know, like dog groomers? Even at one point, I was calling translation businesses or notary notary businesses. Um. The notary businesses can be hit or miss. I feel like they're worth trying, and I've done them in the past, but usually they're very. It's like, if you don't know what notary is, we have. In the U.S, you have to have somebody basically come to important documents signings and write down that they witnessed it, like. As a witness, and it's called notarizing.
> 45:48 JUMP Admin: And so there's like, there's companies that their whole job is literally, just
> 46:41 JUMP Admin: All right, sounds good, uh, and then just send me a text at the end of the day starting today. Be great if you're just like clocking out now. Here's how many people I called. Here's how many conversations I had just give quick summary.
> 49:27 Kenzo Stevens: I guess the most important thing here is that just just do enough calls?

  ## Transcript

  00:00 JUMP Admin: See hey Kenzo!
00:04 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
00:06 JUMP Admin: Sounds like you had. A rough evening so far. Oh.
00:14 Kenzo Stevens: This is, this is like the third time this happened to her is so annoying.
00:18 JUMP Admin: Oh, no. Are, are they able to do anything for her? Are they just like, uh, give her
00:21 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
00:24 JUMP Admin: hydration?
00:26 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, you know, the Harry, what do you call this the liquid thing that?
00:30 JUMP Admin: Do you like electrolytes?
00:32 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, yeah. Like he, she got the needle.
00:37 JUMP Admin: Oh, okay. Yeah. It's not.
00:42 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, she just always forgets to drink water. That's why I always have to remind
00:44 Kenzo Stevens: Hi everyone, this is an automated message to let you know my Tactiq extension: https://tactiq.io/r/transcribing is transcribing this meeting for me so I can give my full attention to you.
00:46 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
00:47 Kenzo Stevens: her.
00:49 JUMP Admin: My wife had a app on her phone, and it would go off every 2 hours and be like, you need to drink water.
00:54 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
00:55 JUMP Admin: They just forget.
00:56 Kenzo Stevens: And well, I was late because because of the rain. So I was I, I don't have a car, so I only have a motorcycle, so I went to her, uh, house, like, like, 10 minutes away from here. And then I. You know, I got on, got an Uber?
01:12 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
01:14 Kenzo Stevens: With her so?
01:16 JUMP Admin: Well, and are you in the Manila area?
01:18 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, that's right.
01:19 JUMP Admin: Yeah, I've been to Manila. It's definitely, uh, a little chaotic to get around sometimes.
01:26 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah. That's why that's why I only bottom motorcycle. I mean, I don't have money for for a car, but you know it's for convenient to him recycle?
08:24 JUMP Admin: Site from them, and when I say that, I mean, like, I'll imagine myself, I'd be like, okay, if I had a dog and I wanted it groomed. What would I want prominently displayed on the website? What does the customer want prominently displayed on the website, and how do they want it formatted and branded? And then I kind of. Layer things around like that, and that's where the draft comes in. And then you have the different sections and the coloring and. Um, some of the light illustrations, and then we kind of. Uh, whittle that down. Something more detailed from.
08:57 Kenzo Stevens: Nice thing. So, so is, uh, what I was suggesting, um, I mean, this is not for, you know, this week, or this month, you can do it, like, maybe after a month or two, or look exactly right. Obviously, I'm going to stick with the script. Like, let's do the like, let's actually commit to like 500 calls before changing anything, as you suggested.
09:16 JUMP Admin: Yeah. Just as a as a reference number.
09:21 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, so, so we'll do that. But what I was suggesting, if, like, long-term, if we want to book more calls and like, just have more success on, like? Maybe closing them? Or, you know, like, just booking work quotes in general? Is. Since we are scraping the leaves, we can pretty much just focus on like a few niches, right? So, so right, now, we're like working on dog groomers, then maybe we can put in like car detailing or whatever Niche you prefer.
09:53 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
09:53 Kenzo Stevens: Um, maybe we can, like, do three to five niches, and then that's it. Like, that's our, you know, ceiling? And then, what happens is that, since it's pretty much being scraped anyway, like all the information, maybe? I could. Add that into the process of like scraping. The information that you would need. Probably once you start making the templates, and then what happens. Is that maybe? You know, we've built the system for the scraping to leave. We have like three to five niches.
10:26 Kenzo Stevens: We didn't like, maybe make like templates for each of those niches and be like, like two to three website templates for each Niche. It's up to you.
10:31 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
10:38 Kenzo Stevens: And then, by then, like I, we could just use the script like, hey, I already built the website for you. You want to check it out, blah, blah, blah.
10:44 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
10:44 Kenzo Stevens: Booker called you immediately because usually. There is like when you're offering something like, hey, I can. Build you our website for free. Like, immediately, they're thinking, like, maybe there's a catch. Maybe there's like, a, there's a cost or something.
11:02 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
11:03 Kenzo Stevens: There's there. There's still position making. Uh, how they like, they're still using a lot of brain power when it comes to, like making a decision. Um, but then, if if you just say that, like, hey, like, you just need to show up on the call. I already made you the website, and you can tell me whether you like it or not. If not, you can. You can just never talk to me again.
11:26 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
11:27 Kenzo Stevens: It's like $50 per month, you know, like, there's less resistance there, and what happens is that when they already, like, when they know that the website's already done? It's not, they're they're, they're thinking, oh, like, I have a website like, I need to check it out. Like, this is my website now, like, they're coming on a call, seeing what? Might have when? Let's say, for example, booking a call, but you don't have the website yet. And, like, they're answering, like, maybe this game will give me a website. They're not. There's really.
12:04 Kenzo Stevens: Um, less commitment to it, because then they're really not sure if, like, they're gonna have a website or not, right? Yeah, so, so that's what I was thinking. Like, the reason why there's lesser friction and just more success with saying? The website's already done. Just just book a call with me.
12:23 JUMP Admin: Yeah. And well. It's like, it's like a two-sided coin, too, because you have a lot of those Pros. But then, you have the cons, too, that if somebody was calling me and they were like, hey, I see that you do dog grooming. I made you a website already. You just need to come and look at it. That would make me intrigued to go see it for sure. And I'd be like, what have these people made, but at the same time, it's like, how did you make a website when you don't even know me or know anything about me? Like, and then it kind of.
12:51 JUMP Admin: It kind of, uh? I, I'm worried it might have a byproduct of making people think that they're not like quality websites because you can do them in 10 minutes, you know, they're, like, oh, if they're selling websites that are pre-made, they're probably calling a bunch of people and doing them 10 minutes.
13:06 Kenzo Stevens: Well, what usually happens? What? What usually people say with this script is?
13:11 JUMP Admin: Uh.
13:16 Kenzo Stevens: And this. This has a lot of successes that you, you don't try to sound like, um. Like you're a professional. Already like earning lots of income when it comes to like building websites.
13:24 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
13:27 Kenzo Stevens: What happens is that someone uses on the script like, hey, actually, I'm a web design student, and I'm just trying to get this business off, um. So, what I'm doing, like, I build your website, um, for free, just to, you know, get some clients right off the bat. Like, I'm still, I'm still in college, just trying to make up money. So, you know, I search your website? Currently don't have one, so I made one for you just to, you know? Give you some free value if you want. You can just book a call with me and like, check it out if you don't like it. There's no strings attached.
14:00 Kenzo Stevens: Um, you can just don't talk to them ever again, but if you do like it, it's 50 per month. You just pay for the hosting, but essentially the website's free. You know, so that's what they. I think that's why it works because then. It makes sense why the website is free because you're just trying to make it, you know?
14:18 JUMP Admin: Yeah, you're just trying to practice.
14:20 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, that that's exactly why and and there's a high success rate there because then. This guy's really, not a Salesman. He's just trying to make, you know, trying to make it work as a college student. So, let's give him a chance let's. Let's
14:35 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
14:36 Kenzo Stevens: book, I'll do the call with him, and the fact that he's like web design student means like at least he knows a lot about it, since that's what he's studying on College, you know?
14:47 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
14:49 Kenzo Stevens: So, there's.
14:50 JUMP Admin: Yeah, I think well. I think there's there's room to try that, especially. I want to get the the standard script. Let's just see how we perform with the first 500 calls. Um, but then there's definitely I do want to try that once we get some data and see how that's going. And there's also definitely. I feel like a good a good spot for targeting specifically local businesses to where I'm located.
15:13 JUMP Admin: Uh, because then there's the aspect of like you call them, and you can say, look, I live just down the road. I made you this website because I'm trying to help local businesses, and I'm trying to practice making websites, you know. And if there's like some confusion there, then I can offer, like, hey, do you want to meet, you know, at the the dog grooming shop, I can come in with my computer, you know?
15:37 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, exactly.
15:38 JUMP Admin: And then there's more trust built there.
15:40 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, that's right.
15:40 JUMP Admin: Um, I feel like that's that would perform well.
15:43 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, and and the good thing about this is that if you want to start, you know? Like scaling the team like hiring more cold callers? You're not really pretending to be like this. You know, like, amazing salesman like, I'm the best cold caller, so I like, I
15:59 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
16:00 Kenzo Stevens: need to be really good at sales. Like, you can just take advantage of that, you know, amateur? You know? Persona.
16:09 JUMP Admin: Yeah, and then it gives more leeway for the sites as well. You could just like it leans well into our sites being simpler, and that's The Branding where it's like, we're making simpler sites for practice, you know. But then, on the flip side too, the existing branding I have right now, and what I tell clients is like? Um. You're hiring us as almost a partner or an employee. And that's like the reason why the site is free up front isn't because it's a free website, but it's like you wouldn't pay your employee 500 to do a task up front and then pay him his hourly salary like those are two different forms of payment, so I try to go into the like. Think of it as paying me salary as opposed to paying a contractor to come in and remodel something you know, like, think of it, like? If you need a handyman instead of paying a handyman $300 to do a job, you just hire a handyman who's always on staff.
17:06 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, that's right.
17:07 JUMP Admin: So, there's that aspect of the sales.
17:08 Kenzo Stevens: That makes sense.
17:11 JUMP Admin: Um. Then, it's kind of like you have you have both, and that's where I feel like just getting a good Baseline of calls and seeing what people respond well to would be good. Like, are people wanting to have a professional front that they feel like they're hiring and partnering with this company, or do they want to hire, like the college kid who's just gonna do like a practice job? And that's why it's not, you know, it's free up front.
17:37 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
17:39 JUMP Admin: But.
17:39 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
17:40 JUMP Admin: Yeah, and then you know maybe out of third field? Maybe people just don't want a free site because they they see that as being like, uh? Sketchy. You know. So, maybe after four or five months, we may find that people are not reacting well to that? Um. And maybe we'd need to charge a little setup fee or something. Just so people feel like that's more normal, and it's not a scam. Um. But for now, let me look at.
18:09 Kenzo Stevens: I mean, I mean, if if they, if they show up on the call?
18:14 JUMP Admin: Yeah, yeah.
18:14 Kenzo Stevens: I don't think that's going to be like a huge objection, because then they just they already saw the side. The visual you know is enough for them to. Decide whether it is a scam or not, because if it's good then, okay, cool. I'll pay you five fifty dollars for this per month.
18:34 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
18:36 Kenzo Stevens: So, yeah. I guess that's pretty much it. You know what, um? If you don't mind like, we can do mock call. I guess I'll be the cold caller.
18:47 JUMP Admin: Yeah, can you resum the script? It's not loading in correctly for me.
18:52 Kenzo Stevens: Okay. You know, what? Maybe I'll.
18:58 JUMP Admin: Is the first HDMI file the original script? Other V2.
19:03 Kenzo Stevens: It's the V2, you know, I'll just send you the.
19:07 JUMP Admin: Send me which one you're wanting to use? Uh. Immediately.
19:11 Kenzo Stevens: Oh wait, it's. There's so much characters. You know what? I'll make a PDF, give me 30 seconds, and I'll turn into the
19:26 JUMP Admin: Yeah, no worries.
19:28 Kenzo Stevens: videos.
19:36 JUMP Admin: Well, and then the other thing I was thinking, too, is it's like, I feel like the offer. Is solid enough that we could just rely on number sales as well. You know? Where it's just like? Let's just make a lot of calls and statistically some of them will become clients. There's an aspect there as well.
19:54 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
19:55 JUMP Admin: Um.
20:00 Kenzo Stevens: Anyway, here's a PDF. It's a little messy, but I just did it.
20:06 JUMP Admin: Yeah, it's okay. The just from it.
20:32 Kenzo Stevens: Good, you got it. Go. Uh, hi, am I speaking to pet grooming store?
20:40 JUMP Admin: Yes, you are.
20:42 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, perfect. Actually, I got something I wanted to speak to you about, uh, if you have 30 seconds.
20:48 JUMP Admin: Um, sure.
20:50 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, um, so actually, um, my name is Kenzo. I'm a business owner, like yourself, and at the moment, we're actually creating free website website designs for local businesses around San Joaquin. Um, with no string is attached, you know, I just thought I'd give you a quick call because I, it looks like it looked up to you on Google. I look you up on Google, um, and I noticed that you seem to not have a website.
21:14 Kenzo Stevens: So? Yeah.
21:16 JUMP Admin: What are you? What are you getting out of it if you're making me a free site with no strings attached?
21:21 Kenzo Stevens: Um. Okay, how do I oh, give me a second?
21:26 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
21:27 Kenzo Stevens: So, I mean, basically, you know, like, I'm just. We're basically giving free websites away because? What we're doing is we're making some. Actually, you know, how would you respond to that? Prepare that for this group.
21:43 JUMP Admin: Yeah, and this is the hard. This is the hard part about, uh, this script. I see what you're going for. Uh, but the problem is, is, you're marketing it as free, and it's not. So, when people are like, you know, they're, like, oh, free website? You know what? How did I? What did I say? What do I need to respond to? Uh, I already blinked what I said. Oh, what do you get out of it?
22:05 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
22:06 JUMP Admin: You know, it's like you could go the if if I was on the phone, I'd probably be like, oh, we're trying to expand our portfolio with simpler websites for small companies, and once we get a larger portfolio of sites, we can. Uh, advertised towards bigger ticket, you know, companies?
22:24 JUMP Admin: Like, go go, the I'm trying to expand the portfolio route.
22:26 Kenzo Stevens: Okay, that makes sense.
22:27 JUMP Admin: Um. Yeah, and then like to. As a business owner, if someone called me and was, like, hey, I'm trying to expand my portfolio. Um, so we're just giving away some sites for free, that that's a good sell there.
22:39 Kenzo Stevens: Mm, yeah, I've always that.
22:40 JUMP Admin: But but. But the hard part with that is you need to get them to view it as free and reasonable 50 a month because fifty dollars a month is like. That's not a small amount of money if you're just. If you're just saying, oh, you just need to pay for hosting it's 50 bucks a month. And they're, like, okay, well, why is, why is your hosting 50 and Wix is 15 for hosting? It's, like, well, because our hosting includes?
23:06 Kenzo Stevens: So, so basically.
23:08 JUMP Admin: Labor.
23:08 Kenzo Stevens: The way we can say it, is that actually, we're giving away free websites, um, just to show you if. Um, you like it. How do I say this? Like, basically, we're giving away free websites to just show you basically the draft. And if you like it, we can, you know, work work together. It's just going to be 50 per month and then explain why, exactly. It's 50, just, you know. As you explained about the? The plumber thing?
23:36 JUMP Admin: Yeah, like, just. Yeah. I see what you're going for here, and I feel like there's potential. But. Also from the business owner's point of view, I don't know. I don't know if it's a good idea to call people offering a free service, and then three sentence later being like, Oh, we can work together. It's 50 bucks a month.
24:01 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, okay.
24:02 JUMP Admin: You know, cuz I hear, I hear 50 for, and it makes me like, well, this is, maybe just me, but when somebody says, oh, we're offering you a service for 50 a month. I'm, like, okay, well, what else am I paying for? That's 50 a month. My Wi-Fi bill was 50 a month. Are you comparable to me being able to use Wi-Fi whenever I want as much as I want? It's like, no, we're just hosting your website. Um.
24:25 JUMP Admin: So, then it's like, that's where that's where the initial marketing that I I
24:25 Kenzo Stevens: Okay.
24:28 JUMP Admin: found works is being like, no, we're, you're hiring me as a business partner, and then all of a sudden instead of comparing us to a phone bill or a Wi-Fi bill, which is where my head goes. They're comparing us to a salary person like, oh. You can do this for fifty dollars a month where it would cost hundreds with an agency and thousands with a dedicated web designer, you know. Um. But that's just my thought process.
24:55 Kenzo Stevens: Okay, well, I'll take note of that so that. Once I start doing the calls. I'll respond like that.
25:05 JUMP Admin: Yeah. So, I'm curious, what did the let's compare this one with the original? What did what was, uh? The original pitch sounding like, because I, I haven't heard that pitch as if I was a business owner.
25:21 Kenzo Stevens: Give me a second. I'll pull the script in. Where's it? Okay, so. Hey is, there's dog groomers.
25:50 JUMP Admin: Yeah, it is.
25:52 Kenzo Stevens: Hey dog groomers. My name is Kenzo, um, I work with jump web design. You know, I saw your Google Maps, and I noticed that you know, you see, you don't seem to have a website, so I figured I'll give you a quick call to offer our services.
26:05 JUMP Admin: Yeah, I can see where you're you're saying, like, that's a problem to jump straight into it.
26:10 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah. So, so you know, that's basically verbatin us, uh? The same as your script. Now, you know, immediately right off the bat. What happens is? Maybe they will, they'll just say no, because then they're not expecting any any
26:24 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
26:27 Kenzo Stevens: pitch right off the bat, you know, so?
26:29 JUMP Admin: Yeah, maybe we need kind of like a a combined approach.
26:37 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, maybe.
26:37 JUMP Admin: I, I like the the section where you call them, and you're like, hey, is this dog groomers? And they're like, yeah. Uh, and then I like explaining to them initially off the bat where you found them, because oftentimes I notice they get taken aback. Like, how did you find this number or like, are you a Spam caller? Uh, but when you go, like? Oh, I just saw you on Google Maps and noticed you didn't seem to have a website.
27:06 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
27:06 JUMP Admin: So, I feel like those two open. The lungs are good, but then it's like, where do we build from there? Hey, hey, dog groomers. I saw you on Google Maps and noticed you didn't seem to have a website, so I figured I'd give you a quick call. Um.
27:28 Kenzo Stevens: So, so we partner with small businesses in order to run their websites and help create better online branding so. We charge 48 dollars a month, and that covers everything that you need to get your website up and running and contained. Um, is that something you would be interested in?
27:45 JUMP Admin: Yeah, I like the second section there. Where we partner with small businesses that section's good and I don't. This is where I, I'm not sure, because it's like going straight into the price. Initially, I was thinking, let's just get the price out of the way. Hit him, right? Where, like, right, at the front be like, we're 48 bucks a month and show them our value and have our price be our selling? But then, it's like if they don't understand how much they're getting for $48 a month or $50 a month. Then it just kind of sounds expensive.
28:22 JUMP Admin: So, then it's like, do we want to hit them with the price, or do we want to ask them if they're interested and then, obviously, their first question is going to be, how much does it cost?
28:35 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, I, I guess the the only way to do this is maybe we should just start doing the calls and not overthink it and? See how, how people respond?
28:43 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
28:46 Kenzo Stevens: I guess the only issue is that there's really no call recordings for teleblast,
28:46 JUMP Admin: Yeah, if we can, we could do a couple like that. Um.
28:55 Kenzo Stevens: so?
28:57 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
28:59 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, I, I guess it's?
28:59 JUMP Admin: I don't. There might be a software that'll be able because this telebox route through your your desktop audio.
29:09 Kenzo Stevens: Um. Well, I think so.
29:12 JUMP Admin: I mean, if you're hearing it in your headphones, surely. So, then, you just need
29:13 Kenzo Stevens: I just.
29:15 JUMP Admin: to get like. Like, uh? Obs or something? You know what I mean? And just like, you could probably do one or two calls recorded. But I don't want to go crazy with recorded lines because there's a law in California that says you have to disclose immediately if you're recording the line so.
29:36 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
29:36 JUMP Admin: Yeah, I, I don't think being like, hi, we are recording this line, you know what, I mean, it's the greatest intro. Like, we could probably get away with a couple recorded lines just for listening. But. I don't want to get caught with like 500 conversations. I'm not supposed to have recorded.
29:52 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, I. I guess it's fine if we don't record really. Like, maybe you can just use our judgment after the at the end of the day.
29:59 JUMP Admin: Yeah. Um. Or, like, I said, we'll see, and then maybe do a couple call recordings just kind of, I don't know. Um, but then the other thing, too, is like, we can have all these meetings, you know, and sit around and figure out the optimum pitch and blah blah blah, but the the other way is like we could just start calling, and even if the calling's bad refine it. Just kind of like, learn how to swim by jumping in the water type thing.
30:27 JUMP Admin: You know? Um. And I don't know, like, that's how. That's how the the approach I took last time and I started to get a good feel for things and. Um. Good conversations and stuff, but it's hard because. The script I have is obviously suited to my pitching style, so then you're gonna have to find something you know that works good with, uh, your personality, and how you want to pitch things.
30:54 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
30:56 JUMP Admin: Um.
30:58 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, it makes.
30:58 JUMP Admin: But. And then on a non-scripted note. A big thing I notice is just like the inflection, or like the way you say things is really important. Um, because I found when I slow it down and sound a lot more casual, where I'm
31:12 JUMP Admin: like, you know, hey, is this dog rumors. Hey, I saw you guys on Google Maps and noticed you didn't seem to have a website, so I figured I'd just give you a quick call like, it's a lot more casual. It feels like talking to a client. Um. I've noticed that works really good.
31:29 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah. So, so I'm more like a customer basically.
31:35 JUMP Admin: Exactly!
31:36 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
31:38 JUMP Admin: Um. But. Uh, how many calls did you end up doing yesterday?
31:47 Kenzo Stevens: Actually, like?
31:47 JUMP Admin: Oh, that's, that's a really good conversion. I'd say, well, you say, you called
31:49 Kenzo Stevens: 15 to 20 something like that? But then, like people answered, and I actually had like a proper conversation like around.
32:02 JUMP Admin: 15, is that 15 answered or 15 dials?
32:07 Kenzo Stevens: Dials.
32:08 JUMP Admin: Okay.
32:09 Kenzo Stevens: But, but like the ones that answered. Like, I at least had like a 20 minute 20 second conversations, and like that?
32:18 JUMP Admin: And how are those kind of going?
32:22 Kenzo Stevens: It's like, nah, we're good. Like, we need a website, and then obviously, you know, I'll just say, like, okay, um, why is that? And then, like, no, we don't need a website. It's fine, bye.
32:35 JUMP Admin: Yeah. Well, and you'll you'll hit a lot of those people, but I noticed there's a good portion of people who want a website, but they don't know where to look.
32:44 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, I guess it's, it's just really a numbers game to be honest.
32:48 JUMP Admin: Yeah, so I agree with you. It sounds like the script can use some optimization, but it also doesn't. It also sounds like it's not like, uh. Horrendous, you know what I mean? So, I'd be curious, maybe just keep using the script for? Let's do a hundred or 200 dials and see how it performs. And maybe, like, do it for a week, and then we can. We can kind of work in aspects from your other script, because I like, I like the.
33:17 JUMP Admin: The the draft you hear you have here of this. The revised script, I like the direction you're going, but it needs to be fleshed out a bit more, and in order
33:26 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
33:27 JUMP Admin: to flesh that out, we just need more information about who we're calling, that we don't have. Uh, is that, you know, does that make sense?
33:35 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, it makes a lot of sense. Yeah.
33:38 JUMP Admin: So, let's see. Today's Wednesday, so you want to give it maybe to next Tuesday? Like, call, call some of today. Uh, get good. Get a good call day in Thursday and Friday, and then get a good
33:52 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
33:53 JUMP Admin: call down on Monday. Um, and let's see, because the other thing, too, is. Um. If we're calling leads. With a bad script. We're containing it to California and Oregon. You know, so we still have the other 50 states so it sucks to burn through leads. But at the same time, like we need info. Um.
34:21 Kenzo Stevens: That's what I was of. That was, that's what I was thinking last night yesterday, because. You know? This is your local. Um.
34:33 JUMP Admin: Area.
34:34 Kenzo Stevens: You know, like, leads, so I don't want to waste it. That's that's what I was
34:36 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
34:38 Kenzo Stevens: thinking, like, I, I, maybe.
34:39 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
34:41 Kenzo Stevens: I need to make a better script.
34:43 JUMP Admin: I had that thought, too. I was like, do I want to be burning through the local? So, maybe we should? I don't know. Let's just stick with the the leads we have now for dog groomers and then maybe
34:54 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
34:54 JUMP Admin: move up into maybe move up into Washington for the more experimental leads.
34:59 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, it makes sense.
34:59 JUMP Admin: Uh, I'm just kind of exhaust dog groomers. And, like I said, like?
35:03 Kenzo Stevens: Is why the the same the same time zone?
35:09 JUMP Admin: Organ is let me go up into Washington.
35:20 Kenzo Stevens: Also, like, I'm curious, you're what you call this again. Like, you're 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Schedule that you're suggesting to me, like, is that? Um. Like, fixed in a way where this is. This is the best time for me to start calling because this is. The time the dog groomers pick up or? Then, just choose the time.
35:46 JUMP Admin: Um, it's. It's the time that I found the most success with. When I was cold calling with my commission guys and then. A little bit with contractors, but like most of my experience is being drawn from when I did the calling with my commission, uh guys, because I, you know, I told you the story. And I find that. These businesses. They open up 8:30 9:00, and they go till 5:00, and I find when you call them really early in the morning, you know, they haven't really gotten into the swing of things, yet they're trying to get things out of the way. You know what I mean?
36:19 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
36:19 JUMP Admin: And so. Early morning can work, but it's not the most optimal time, and then when you call them later in. Uh, late afternoon, you know, that's, like, when everybody is bringing. It's like that busiest time for them. So, let's say, from one one to like, 4:30 is usually when these guys get pretty busy just because it's like midday, and then anything, anything around five or six, it's like the end of the day, and they're ready to clock out. Um, so I find ten to one kind of The Sweet Spot you can push it.
36:55 JUMP Admin: You know if you wanted to go up more, you could push it into, like 2:00 3:00, would probably be okay. Um. But then the other thing too is. Around one o'clock, like 12 to 1, is kind of when people take their lunch as well, but they're usually still on call for lunch, so sometimes that's a good time to call because you call them and they pick up, but they're not actually in the middle of something, you know, that's. That's another thing you'll encounter, you'll call someone, and they'll be like, I'm in the middle of grooming, and you hear the razor on.
37:28 JUMP Admin: And so sometimes when you call on lunch, they're still looking for clients to call. But they're not like in the middle of something. Um.
37:35 Kenzo Stevens: Let's see when you're doing calls with, uh, I mean, when your commission guys were doing calls, is it mostly in California? Or do you guys, for example, call North Carolina, Texas, you know? Basically, it's the hours.
37:49 JUMP Admin: Uh, we stayed mostly in the west coast, so most of the time it was in California, Oregon, Washington. We're like the big three. I would like to expand into the east coast and maybe Midwest a bit more, and obviously they have different time zones so. Um. But again, it's just like. It's a really different culture over there, and it's uh, compared to here, so I don't understand their business businesses quite as well. I mean, businesses are the same everywhere, to an extent.
38:22 JUMP Admin: And then, also, it's just less of a local cell, you know. It's really easy to say, oh yeah, we're expanding into Oregon from California, but it's a little bit more of a stretch to be. Like, oh yeah, we're expanding into Florida from California, just you know.
38:34 Kenzo Stevens: That makes sense.
38:36 JUMP Admin: Um. But. Were you thinking that the time zones over there would be more? Uh, convenience.
38:43 Kenzo Stevens: I'm just curious, because usually. Um. At least from my experience, you know, like, it's usually is the hours that, um, most cold calling jobs that I've been in, you know? Yeah.
38:56 JUMP Admin: Yeah, what time zones were you calling, like, or what time were you calling kind of targeting?
39:03 Kenzo Stevens: Like, usually. With dsdrs like? And it's like, for example, home service businesses. Uh, plumbers, HVAC electricians. Usually, it would perform best like 3 P.M. 4 P.M up until like 7 P.M. That's the SD hours, um or EDT. But yeah, that's that's a different business, though, because you know they're like out in the sun out in the heat.
39:34 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
39:35 Kenzo Stevens: Which is different so?
39:35 JUMP Admin: Well, and then. They're getting they're getting calls. Uh, when people are like getting home from work, you know? Like they're doing. They're they're doing their stuff in the evening when people are home.
39:49 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
39:50 JUMP Admin: Um, but yeah, we can experiment with call hours, too. If you want to, I was just thinking this would be a good starting point.
39:55 Kenzo Stevens: I'm okay with, uh, with the. Tell me that you were suggesting. So I was just asking out of curiosity. That's
40:00 JUMP Admin: Okay.
40:03 Kenzo Stevens: it. I'm not only preference.
40:04 JUMP Admin: Yeah, yeah, and. I mean, you know, if we, if we do good the year from now, or whenever, obviously, just move into full time? And then, it doesn't matter, because it's just all day. Um. But for now. Got a 4-hour window and an 8-hour work work day. I feel like these are good hours to do.
40:24 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, that's right.
40:25 JUMP Admin: So, uh, but with that being said? Um. You want to maybe get on to some calling for, uh? I think, let's see, what time did you come into the meeting 11? So, maybe two, three hours of calling and see, see where that goes? Um. Let's see today's the 12. So, I'm gonna be driving tomorrow. Um. We can do. Uh, how are you feeling about meetings? Do you like the the daily meetings, or do you want to move into maybe a couple times a week?
41:03 Kenzo Stevens: Um. Well, it's up to you really. Like, I'm fine, either way.
41:08 JUMP Admin: Okay, well, I just wanna. And then, here's the other thing, too. I don't want you to feel like, I'm just dropping you in. And just like, okay, call people before. You really know, like, you feel comfortable knowing what's going on, you know? Um.
41:22 Kenzo Stevens: It's okay. I mean.
41:24 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
41:26 Kenzo Stevens: Obviously, we need to, you know, do some daily meetings that, like, from day one to up up till now, because we're figuring things out, but?
41:33 JUMP Admin: Yeah.
41:34 Kenzo Stevens: The time that we figured everything out, you know? It's pretty automatic, so I don't know what else we're going to talk about by
41:41 JUMP Admin: Yeah, exactly. Aside from, just like, oh, performance, yesterday, but we can. We
41:42 Kenzo Stevens: that.
41:45 JUMP Admin: can put that all into one or two meetings. Um. All right. So here's what I'll leave you with. Let's get some calls done today and tomorrow. Um, and then let's go through the the leads that you have currently scraped, and
42:00 JUMP Admin: when we exhaust those leads, maybe let's experiment with Washington first. Um, so they're not quite as local leads. Um, let's continue with dog rumors. From this list, and then in Washington. And that'll probably buy us into next week, and we can either choose to move down into Oregon for dog groomers. Or, we could switch Industries.
42:22 JUMP Admin: Uh, and then in terms of meetings, let's plan for a meeting on Friday.
42:22 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
42:27 JUMP Admin: Uh, 10 a.m. again. Because that seems to seems to work good.
42:31 Kenzo Stevens: So, so once we finish the dog groomers list. I'm just curious, like, what other niches do you? Are you thinking of me scraping for, you know, San Joaquin?
42:45 JUMP Admin: Yeah, um, I'm in the middle of working on an exhaustive lead list, but off the top of my head. Car detailers Tree Service. Like antique stores. Um. Handyman.
43:02 Kenzo Stevens: Okay.
43:02 JUMP Admin: Uh, I've had good success with like plant nurseries. I don't know if that would be good to expand into, but. Um, so kind of a mix of like service based and then small areas like that, uh, maybe even tea shops would be kind of a really Niche thing. But, like, I said, I've done that. That tea website, and that brought in some good. Eyes on the company because they're in a prominent location. Um.
43:29 JUMP Admin: Those are kind of off the top of my head, and then we can get into secondary, just like service based like I did. I've done asphalt repavers roofers, solar. Uh, solars. Like, maybe I'd have to look at their business a little bit more.
43:44 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, usually they have like a really high ticket, um.
43:44 JUMP Admin: Um.
43:47 Kenzo Stevens: Pricing.
43:47 JUMP Admin: Yeah, solar would probably be less so. Are maybe less so solar insulation, but like the the companies that clean solar panels and they're basically just like fancy window washers? Would be good power washers. Yeah, yeah, and their their stuff's gonna be need to be more complex, but you
44:01 Kenzo Stevens: If it's usually like solar installers, they they have usually a big team. So that means for the website already, most likely they already.
44:14 JUMP Admin: know if we're targeting people who are literally just their job is getting on the roof and cleaning the solar. That's kind of a different industry. It's a lot smaller, usually. It's like a side hustle. Um, and then we could always just do you know your general contractors? Like HVAC, uh, concrete stuff like that. Um, and like I said I, those are kind
44:35 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
44:37 JUMP Admin: of a more mixed bag and then.
44:38 Kenzo Stevens: The the only issue with those, um, the only issue with those niches, is that
44:43 Kenzo Stevens: there's a lot of like receptionists or Gatekeepers that. Most of the time, like. You're gonna find it hard to talk to the to the owner and?
44:54 JUMP Admin: Yeah, and not just that, but they're like, they're like the the niches that companies like us, call. You know what I mean, it's like, if you have. Some sort of marketing, social media marketing, web design like you're just like, who to call, let's call HVAC, you know. And so, I'm trying to Target more
45:12 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
45:13 JUMP Admin: Niche stuff, you know, like dog groomers? Even at one point, I was calling translation businesses or notary notary businesses. Um. The notary businesses can be hit or miss. I feel like they're worth trying, and I've done them in the past, but usually they're very. It's like, if you don't know what notary is, we have. In the U.S, you have to have somebody basically come to important documents signings and write down that they witnessed it, like. As a witness, and it's called notarizing.
45:48 JUMP Admin: And so there's like, there's companies that their whole job is literally, just
45:50 JUMP Admin: like showing up. When you buy a house and they just stand there and watch you go through the paperwork and then sign a paper that says that they've seen everything. Um. But like, like niche, or stuff like that, I did translation companies. Um, but yeah, I can definitely get you a list if you're interested.
46:09 Kenzo Stevens: Okay.
46:11 JUMP Admin: And then the last thing, too, is I'm going to look into maybe a way to record a few calls. You don't have to record all of them, but? I think it'd be good to maybe have like 5 or 10 in this opening time, so we I can listen back and then you can listen back and we can both see and analyze how people are reacting to the script and see where it needs to be optimized instead of maybe just guessing because.
46:32 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah.
46:35 JUMP Admin: Uh, I'm not so good at guessing.
46:38 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, cool. Yeah, we can do that.
46:41 JUMP Admin: All right, sounds good, uh, and then just send me a text at the end of the day starting today. Be great if you're just like clocking out now. Here's how many people I called. Here's how many conversations I had just give quick summary.
46:53 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, sure, yeah.
46:55 JUMP Admin: And I think I don't know how you feel and you're feeling pretty confident.
46:59 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah, yeah. I'll just do some numbers and. Well, we'll figure it out.
47:06 JUMP Admin: Yeah, sounds good. Um, and then. Make sure you're trying to use the the features intelliblast as well so that we can just keep everything tracked from there.
47:17 Kenzo Stevens: Oh, actually. What I, what I was doing until this teleblast, is that I'm not using the? What do you call this? So give me a second and let me go there. I'm not using the the power dialer.
47:30 JUMP Admin: Uh.
47:30 Kenzo Stevens: It's just more convenient to. Use the the leads Tab, and like, press call. The reason is that, um?
47:37 JUMP Admin: Oh yeah.
47:41 Kenzo Stevens: You have like a better view of like the lead. When you press the name like, for example, forever fabulous pet salon, and then you clip that name and. You know, like you, you can see the contact details, but the thing is, when you, when you're doing it with a dialer, you cannot see the contact details. That's why, you know, it's a little inconvenient when I use the dialer. Like, I, I guess the dialer is fine if you really don't need to see. Um.
48:10 Kenzo Stevens: Like?
48:10 JUMP Admin: Where they're located.
48:11 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah. So, that's why.
48:13 JUMP Admin: What details are you needing to see, though, like just just where they're located?
48:18 Kenzo Stevens: No, like, some sometimes in in case. For example, if I, you know, they get?
48:19 JUMP Admin: So, let me see the dollar.
48:25 Kenzo Stevens: Some, if they're interested, like I. I searched your website, you know? Or, like, their Google Maps profile?
48:29 JUMP Admin: Oh, okay. Yeah. Um, yeah, we could try that. That's fine. The only thing I don't like about that is then. You can't. You can't go in, and like, it's not tracking how many people are being contacted and we can't have the statistics on, like how many people are getting through and stuff unless are you able to do that from there? Is that gonna like, really hurt your workflow?
48:51 Kenzo Stevens: What's actually? The thing, though, like the reason why I'm also doing? Doing it with just the lead stab is that the dialer is really tracking any information on how many calls you've made.
49:02 JUMP Admin: Really, let me see here.
49:03 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah. So, so, like, I'm manually counting it through Google Voice.
49:09 JUMP Admin: Oh my goodness. They have the. Uh, what do you call it the contacted thing when you go through pipeline, but I feel like that'd be slower? I don't know. This is fine for now. We'll figure it out later. Um.
49:27 Kenzo Stevens: I guess the most important thing here is that just just do enough calls?
49:30 JUMP Admin: We're getting. Yeah, I will say, though, if you do, if you do get in with somebody and have a good conversation. Um. Or you, uh, like, maybe just go in and click that on the pipeline. You don't have to do it for all of them.
49:44 Kenzo Stevens: Yeah. I mean, what one thing though is like, you know? What I think I should do is like, once I start scraping more leads is, don't export the whole thing. Only export what you plan on calling for today.
49:59 JUMP Admin: Oh yeah. That's, a. That's a good idea. And then. Um. Yeah, okay. Well, I'm gonna get going. Well.
  